we are going to learn how to organize
your ideas when writing a text in
spanish at the beginning of the text you
might use one of the expressions firstly
is primero primero secondly is Segundo
segundo on one hand is por un lado por
un lado also you can say por una parte
por una parte un año de hond es por otro
lado por otro lado en you can also say
por otra parte por otra parte when you
are developing the idea you might want
to use one of these expressions to
continue or continuing is a continuación
a continuation afterwards next then and
later is luego luego you also can say
despues despues and afterwards and later
is also master they must our way then
and so is entonces
end on this at on the end of the text
you may want to use one of these
expressions in conclusion is in
conclusion in conclusion finally is
phenyl meant finalmente for these
reasons for all these reasons and also
for all of this is por todo hecho por
todo radio in summary or to sum up or
salmon app is end resumen end resumen in
short or in a nutshell is indefinite eva
n definitiva and if you want to say all
things considered or taking all into
account in spanish is and Zuma and Suman